Make docs more LLM friendly (#29566)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/dagster-plus/deployment/deployment-types/serverless/run-isolation.md

---

> description: Dagster+ Serverless run isolation offers isolated runs for production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Dagster+ Serverless offers isolated runs for production deployments and non-isolated runs for faster iteration during development.
```
